Add spellcheck to this repository (#344)
mondoohq/installer: packages/archlinux/README.md

> 3. Push those generated files to the appropriate AUR Git repository, eg: https://aur.archlinux.org/cnquery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Push those generated files to the appropriate AUR Git repository, such as: https://aur.archlinux.org/cnquery
```
